now we were sort of drove you can put
wherever you like it okay you can put a
nice spice mix in you can put you know
you put Chinese five-spice whatever you
want
as we've done Italian food at the pub
and that's why I trained them in I think
it's a nice idea to put some Italian
ingredients in there now it's important
you get some good pork mince fennel
seeds a little bit of cinnamon air dried
chilies that works very well in Italian
food gone egg just to find it a bay leaf
and not make puff pastry and I'm not
making my own it can't be a nightmare
you've got a lot of time and effort into
it okay we've got some nice herbs onion
they've got it I guarantee you you will
be making this at home
get the old onion on the go a lot of
chefs say he'll wait first because if
you go straight down the middle if it's
dirty you go into the onion but you know
Jamie doesn't do that so go your way
don't worry about sticking to the rules
this is a little chef tip just make
about four slices
bum-bum-bum then turn it round and then
go this way and then you get a nice
little choose when you cut it throw some
oil in a pan add your chopped onion a
touch of salt and sweat their babies
down then finely chop a garlic clove
don't use garlic powder one can i is
this rank add fennel chili and a paly
then some chopped rosemary and sage keep
sweating down for four minutes
now the minutes I want to put the whole
egg in a little bit of flour use corn
flour plain flour just to help bind it
season out they can't taste it
unfortunately the scaring him raw so
you're just gonna have to use your old
model bit cinnamon powder they're not
making mix this happen it's important it
goes in because it's got to buying
together now all the sausage is mixed
together I'm gonna move on to the pastry
you must make sure you don't need it
like a bread dough you see all these
little lines here this is where it's all
been folded in folded in and if you
start messing around with them it won't
rise okay
now remember keep it even
keep turning over I don't want it too
thick I want a nice fair pastries
there's a big ol bit of mica in there so
I think I'll do square up right that's
done now the onions so take the baby
fell next folding the onions with a
sausage mix and then plop on the pastry
then get rolling grace makes his way to
the platform of the sausage roll turn
into competition he reaches for each
brush is dipped in egg nicely he stroked
him from the left to the right now for a
roll oh he's made it it's a success give
it a little squeeze up so we can get rid
of a bit of that this made sure nothing
comes out of the army now
don't go through it gently just a gentle
score just makes it look pretty
brush up now so make sure you get it all
over underneath here we go there's more
to it but know that is it I'm afraid
nice and easy it was stick to the bottom
of the roasting tray so make sure you
just get it on there and it will sit
nicely see in a bit
180 25 minutes just keep checking it if
you've got like a cocktail stick pop it
in there right in the center put on your
lip if it burns you're in trouble but
you know the sausage rolls cooked
you